Add gear team description (#27)
fishbrain/engineering-handbook: teams/teams.md

## Team Platform
The platform team owns infrastructure and developer happiness. This includes but not limited to; Infrastructure configuration and monitoring, CI/CD pipelines and general tooling as well as hands on support. In addition to that we try to make sure being on-call is as hassle free as it can be, and in case of incidents we make sure there is a post mortem scheduled.

## Team Gear

> The Gear Team is responsible for managing gear data and features related to anglers' engagement with gear such as maintaining their in-app tacklebox or tagging gear in catches or posts. The Gear Team is also currently responsible for the in-app shop. The Gear Team also provide second-line support to the Commerce Operations team assisting with the onboarding of brands onto the marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gear Team is responsible for managing gear data and features related to anglers' engagement with gear such as maintaining their in-app tacklebox or tagging gear in catches or posts. The Gear Team is also currently responsible for the in-app shop as well as providing second-line support to the Commerce Operations team assisting with the onboarding of brands onto the marketplace.
```

Suggestion: Combined the last two sentence as there might be too many "also".
